Writing Posts
=============

Formatting Within Posts
-----------------------

After you have entered the text for your post you are able to create asides and pull quotes as well as add media to your post.

**Module Wrapper**

Within in the body copy box, using the visual editor you can access the module wrapper options by clicking on the icon furthest to the right.

The module wrapper enables you to make a selection of text appear as an aside or a pull out quote.


**Add Media**

The Add Media button above the body copy box allows you to upload images and insert images of various sizes into posts.


**Featured Media**

The Set Featured Media button is located above the body copy box.

In this window you can select featured media: embed code, video, image or gallery of images to appear in the hero section at the top of the article.
The featured media may also appear on the homepage (see Post Prominence below).


Display and Categorization Post Options
------------------

After you are finished with the body of the post, there are a number of additional non-standard Largo options to change display and categorize the post.

**DISPLAY OPTIONS**

**Custom Templates and Sidebars**

Largo modifies WordPress' Page Template system and comes with defaults allowing different column and sidebar configurations.

Templates can be set on each post in the Layout Options panel -- in addition to custom sidebar settings per-post.

However, a Default Template and sidebar are set under Appearance > Theme Options within the Layout Options tab. Since Largo 0.4 this default has been a simple One Column template without a sidebar. The Two Column templates place a sidebar on the right sideb by default.

**Custom Bylines**

New Largo Post Edit options allow for guest authors, multiple authors (if the co-authors-plus plugin is active) and more logical workflow.

- If there's just one author, Largo moves the Author dropdown into the WordPress "Publish" box above the Publish button.
- If Co-Authors-Plus is active, a new box is added with a search interface to add multiple authors.
- If you want override both of those options, Custom Byline Options replaces the automatically generated byline with your handcrafted one.

More information about Co-Authors-Plus can be found here:
http://largo.readthedocs.org/users/plugins.html

**Related Posts**

Managed by the Largo Related Posts Widget
Show related posts that are either editorially determined (by adding related post IDs in the Additional Options box of the post edit screen) or using a default related algorithm that tries to surface the most closely-related post(s) to a given post by series, category or tag.

To override the default related posts functionality enter specific related post IDs separated by commas.

To find the post id, from the post menu, click on the post you are looking to identify.
http://example.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=1280&action=edit
The Post ID is 1280.

**Sticky Footer**

The sticky footer at the bottom of the post in Largo 0.4 displays share icons for Twitter, Facebook and email on the left and follow on the the right with links to other stories in the same category or written by the same author. You can toggle the option to display the various social networks from the Appearance > Theme Options menu.

**CATEGORIZATION OPTIONS**

**Standard WordPress and Custom Largo Taxonomies**

DEFAULT:
- CATEGORIES are standard WordPress fare. They allow hierarchical nesting (i.e. Los Angeles and San Francisco could both be child categories of California)
- TAGS are standard WordPress fare. They are non-hiearchical and more topical like "LA Riots", "Harvey Milk" or "Almonds".
- POST PROMINENCE TERMS are custom to Largo and active by default. They can control featured positions on Homepages and the "weight" Largo gives the Post around the site.

OPTIONAL:
- SERIES are custom to Largo and must be enabled in Theme Options. They allow grouping of stories that might share common tags but need separate "project pages". i.e. "Election 2010" and "Election 2012"
- POST TYPES allow posts to be separated by custom media type or other distinguishers. i.e. "Video Post", "Podcast Post", "Product Review", etc.
